/* Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved. */

SharePoint Learning Kit Version 1.1 Release Notes
Last Updated:	07/07/2007


1. Introduction
2. New In This Release
2. SLK Known Issues
3. How You Can Participate


INTRODUCTION

	About SharePoint Learning Kit

SharePoint Learning Kit (SLK) is a SCORM 2004-conformant e-learning delivery and tracking application built as a Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 solution. It works with either Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 or Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007, and has the following core features:

* Supports SCORM 1.2, SCORM 2004, and Class Server content, allowing users to store and manage this content in SharePoint document libraries.
* Supports a learner-centric or instructor-led (assigned) workflow.
* Allows assignment, tracking and grading of both e-learning and non-e-learning content.

SharePoint Learning Kit is a community source project. This means that it is made available to you for free, and that you can use it as-is or modify it to suit your needs as long as you comply with the conditions that are described in the accompanying License.txt file. You are responsible for reading and complying with this license. SharePoint Learning Kit is supported by a community of users and developers through discussion forums at http://www.codeplex.com/slk. You are invited to participate in this community, to help others, to report issues, and to contribute your ideas to carry SLK forward. For the most up to date information about SLK, please refer to http://www.codeplex.com/slk.

	About This Drop

This release of SLK is organized in five zip packages:

SLK-Install-1.1.[build]-ENU.zip -- contains all files necessary to install and run SLK on a Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 or Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 server. You do not need to be a developer to use this package. See GettingStarted.pdf at the root of this package for installation instructions.

SLK-Install-1.1.[build]-x64-ENU.zip -- For 64-bit architectures. contains all files necessary to install and run SLK on a Windows SharePoint Services 3.0 or Microsoft Office SharePoint Server 2007 server. You do not need to be a developer to use this package. See GettingStarted.pdf at the root of this package for installation instructions.

SLK-SDK-1.1.[build]-ENU.zip -- contains documentation and sample code for the SLK/MLC API, as well as the compiled binaries for the MLC and SLK functionality. MLC is the underlying e-learning engine on which SLK is built, and it also can be re-used, integrated into other products, and redistributed under the terms of the accompanying License.txt file. This package is for developers who are considering building e-learning application functionality using MLC, or extending SLK by writing complementary application code such as new Web Parts, tools, etc. See Documentation.htm at the root of this package.

SLK-SDK-1.1.[build]-x64-ENU.zip -- For 64-bit architectures. contains documentation and sample code for the SLK/MLC API, as well as the compiled binaries for the MLC and SLK functionality. MLC is the underlying e-learning engine on which SLK is built, and it also can be re-used, integrated into other products, and redistributed under the terms of the accompanying License.txt file. This package is for developers who are considering building e-learning application functionality using MLC, or extending SLK by writing complementary application code such as new Web Parts, tools, etc. See Documentation.htm at the root of this package.

SLK-LanguagePacks-1.1.[build]-ENU.zip (Available after a brief period following SLK release) -- contains the language packs available for SLK. The language packs can be deployed on top of SLK to obtain a localized version of SLK. If you cannot find your language here, it could still be in development. The CodePlex Issue Tracker will hold information on the status of its development.

Note: The SLK source code will not be distributed as a release file any more since the entire source tree is available for download through the 'Source Code' tab.

NEW IN THIS RELEASE

* Support for 64-bit architectures: New in this release is the support for 64-bit OSs. The native Compression dll has been ported to the 64-bit architecture enabling users to run SLK on the 64-bit Windows Server OS

* Improvements in SLK for Localization: SLK is being localized into as many as 30 languages. Some of the issues that localization developers have reported have been fixed in this release

Details of all the fixes that have happened for this release can be found in the Issue Tracker (in CodePlex). 

SLK KNOWN ISSUES

Information on all the current reported issues and their status can be found in the CodePlex Issue Tracker


HOW YOU CAN PARTICIPATE

The SharePoint Learning Kit is a community-owned project. All of us on the product development team believe strongly in the power of e-learning, and we believe that SLK is a great e-learning component that will be useful for a wide variety of instructional scenarios. We expect and hope that SLK will continue to grow and improve over time, but it can only do so with your help.

A community is only as strong as its members. Community members will find and fix issues, help each other learn best practices, contribute ideas, and determine the SLK roadmap. Going forward, SLK will be a reflection of the energy, drive and creativity of its community.

If, like us, you believe in SLK, then we invite you to join us. Contribute your ideas, help others who are learning SLK, and help carry SLK forward by joining the community at http://www.codeplex.com/slk.

Thank you for your interest in and support of the SharePoint Learning Kit.
